[Music]
ten facts proving even the Queen has
strange habits we all have our own
little quirks and personal rules and the
Queen of England is no exception you
ready to learn more about Queen
Elizabeth strangest peculiarities then
keep watching but before we get to know
her Majesty a little better be sure to
hit that subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side number one she never travels
without a pack of her own blood
queen elizabeth ii is the most well
traveled monarch in British history
which means that she's always prepared
for any sort of emergency luckily her
entourage includes a medical
practitioner who's responsible for
knowing the location of all nearby
hospitals in the cities that the Queen
visits he also carries a bulky medical
bag containing a mobile defibrillator
and emergency medicine apart from that
the Queen of England never forgets her
personal pack of blood which can come in
handy in the case of a transfusion
after all it's way better to be
over-prepared than underprepared right
number two she prohibits opening windows
back in 2003 journalist Paul Burrell
from The Daily Mirror managed to get
hired as a servant in Buckingham Palace
by forging documents this fraud gave him
an opportunity to write a series of
articles about the Royal Family's
private and personal life according to
him queen elizabeth ii prohibits the
opening of certain windows in the palace
simply because the building should look
perfect from the outside at all times
and open windows can really ruin the
beautiful view that's why the windows
and Buckingham Palace can be opened only
at a certain hour of course after
finding out the truth about the new
footman the Queen accused the Daily
Mirror of violating the Royal Family's
privacy and she won the case
number three she hates ice cubes
we all have odd and sometimes even
unreasonable pet peeves
but for Queen Elizabeth a second it's
the sound of ice cubes inside her glass
she finds the sound of ice balls much
more musical and prefers to use them to
cool her drinks they say that her caring
husband Prince Philip even invented a
special machine that makes tiny
spherical pieces of ice that don't grate
against each other that way the Queen
can enjoy a glass of her favorite gin or
Dubonnet without that annoying and
unmusical sound of ice cubes moving
about number four she carries a portable
hook in her back the Queen is rarely
seen without one of her gorgeous
handbags and if you think that she
usually carries habitual things like
money or a wallet in it then you'd be
wrong
one thing is certain she always puts a
portable hook in her bag before leaving
for an event seems like a weird choice
but it's actually really helpful you see
the Queen of England sends signals to
her servants by using her back for
example when she sets it on the table
during dinner it means that she wants to
end the event in the next five minutes
when she puts her bag on the floor it's
a sign that she's not really into the
conversation and wants her
lady-in-waiting to rescue her from it
but if she hangs her bag on this
portable hook that attaches under the
table then everything's fine and the
Queen is having a good time
number five she isn't a fan of beards
and bowties when it comes to appearance
and style everybody has things that can
make or break their first impression of
someone as for Her Majesty she doesn't
really like facial hair that's why you
won't find that many bearded men in her
clothes circle the only exception is for
her grandson Prince Harry
although rumor has it that the Queen
tried to convince him to shave his beard
off too but he decided to keep his look
as it is Queen Elizabeth also doesn't
like waistcoats and bowties either not
all of them of course just the fake
bowties that she can spot within seconds
number six she has numbers for all of
her outfits the stylish queen doesn't
play games when it comes to her wardrobe
each of her garments has its own number
so it can be recorded in a special
journal that says where and when she
wore all her outfits
since the Queen of England loves bright
colors and a classic style her clothing
pieces can easily get mixed up and given
that it's improper for the Queen to show
up in the same outfit or even the same
color twice in a row
this journal comes in pretty handy of
course that doesn't mean that queen
elizabeth ii wears her gorgeous
ensembles only once she often asks her
team of seamstresses to update the
decorations on her clothes or to alter
them but whether she wears something for
the very first time or chooses an outfit
she already wore the Queen always
dresses to the nines and continues to
set trends number seven she never eats
soup or potatoes Queen Elizabeth's food
preferences are pretty peculiar as well
for instance she's not all that into
soup and potatoes of course these dishes
are still served in Buckingham Palace
for everyone who loves them but when the
Queen dines alone she prefers to stick
to different sorts of dishes she
actually follows a specific diet that
has its own set of restrictions this
includes the complete elimination of
starches which means no pasta or
potatoes for her majesty however the
Queen of England does enjoy cereal
scrambled eggs scones carrots jam
pennies fish and naturally a nice cup of
tea number eight
she loves raspberries but never eats
them in public while we're on the topic
of the Queen's food preferences she's
also a huge fan of raspberries
nonetheless she doesn't allow herself to
eat her favorite fruit in public and
that's because raspberry seeds can
easily get stuck in your teeth which is
totally unacceptable for a monarch out
in public
moreover Queen Elizabeth takes official
reception's pretty seriously and is
extremely strict when it comes to food
blackberries are
at official events while cucumber and
tomato seeds are removed beforehand
thanks to these little precautions royal
ceremonies often go quite smoothly
number nine she has a special servant to
break her shoes in let's be real
breaking in new shoes is no fun so
wouldn't you love to have someone else
do it for you well the Queen surely
thought this through
and got a special female servant with
the same shoe size although the Queen of
England has preferred similar shoes of
the same brand for many years now she
still doesn't want to experience the
discomfort that new shoes usually bring
and that's when her servant steps in
literally and makes sure that Queen
Elizabeth gets perfectly comfortable
shoes number 10 she's worn the same
nail-polish since 1989 even though the
Queen of England loves to experiment
with lots of bright outfits when it
comes to nail polish she's been
extremely faithful to one brand for
almost 30 years now according to the
Essie brand website the nail polish
color is called ballet slippers which
retails for only nine dollars is Queen
Elizabeth's absolute favorite the brand
claims that back in 1989
the Queen's hairdresser sent the company
a letter asking for a whole bottle of
the only colour Her Majesty would wear
of course the company sent it right over
and the Queen has been rocking it ever
since so which one of Queen Elizabeth's
quirky habits surprised you the most
tell us in the comments section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side
you